# April 26th, 2018 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 6 people in attendance: Taco, Tank, Zurek, Kahrl, Dolphin, Cookie

> 1:06 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

# Eboard Meeting

## Changing of the Eboard 

### President And Vice President

- Names and passwords of club's email accounts were given to Cookie and Dolphin. 
- Cookie and Dolphin were also introduce to Darcey Stevens, the building manager for Kohrman Hall.
- Darcey has been emailed about adding Cookie and Dolphin to the buildings swipe access list

### Secretary

- Sphinx will be contacted about authorizing Backbutton to change the minutes repository on github
- Kahrl has volunteered to get a mailing list together. Also he will look into club options for a minutes mailer system.

### Treasurer

- The eboard elected to keep tank as interim treasurer until the run off election in the Fall.
- He will be in Kalamazoo this summer.
- This will prevent us from having to switch treasurer twice.
- For the change of treasurer in the fall all people relinquishing or gaining access to the club bank accounts will need to be present.

### VP of finance 
- Kahrl already has a Costco membership
- Kahrl will need to be given a debt card after the treasurer changes take place

## Constitution Revision
- Taco has volunteered to help us revise our constitution as he has done it for other clubs before.
- Taco now has a boiler plate format for a WMU club constitution.
- The plan from here is for taco to create an outline for the constitution. 
- The outline will then be circulated through out the eboard and the specifics of each article will be filled in section by section. 
- If you have input on the revision of the constitution please let any member of the eboard know.
- After content is approved by the eboard, the constitution will be read at a meeting in the fall and a ratification vote will take place after a two week cool down period.
- Please contact the eboard with any questions.

## General

- Club registration with WMU will need to be renewed before next semester.Cookie will be taking care of that.
- Kahrl has business cards for club.
- Events in early fall: Bronco Bash(8/28, 3-7pm), Passport Day(8/27, 9am).
- Schedule of club Fall talks is [here.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xfvAJaQI06SkfcRoYSI0uFNep6WK9On8Oi9cvxRyBRk/edit?usp=sharing)
- It was proposed that we get a longer ethernet for the wifi router.
- A password change for the gaming pc's was proposed as the current passwords are very old.
- A lock change was also proposed because of the amount of excess rooms keys that have been discovered lately.
- Cookie will be looking into some book inventory system so that people can check out the books in club.
- A general inventory of resources will be taken. This will help current and prospective member better understand what we offer as a club.
- It was agreed that PLAN's format needs to be changed as it raises very little funds for how much work is put into it.
- Hellbacon now knows how to recalibrate the POS. The eboard would still like to see a more user friendly POS system integrated.
- The wikis need to be updated because it could be a very useful resource to club members, and the wikis currently contain a lot of dated information.
- We should make a budget for the MSP-430 kits before we make any big purchase decisions this fall.
- Cookie will attend the WSA orientation in the fall(Date TBD). WSA offers $500 to RSO's for operating expenses.


